#--- parameters --#

[NEAT]
fitness_criterion     = max
fitness_threshold     = 1975
pop_size              = 100
reset_on_extinction   = False

[SwitchGenome]
# node activation options
activation_default      = sigmoid
activation_mutate_rate  = 0
activation_options      = sigmoid #tanh identity heaviside tristep

# node aggregation options
aggregation_default     = sum
aggregation_mutate_rate = 0
aggregation_options     = sum product

#Switch Neuron
is_switch_default       = False
is_switch_mutate_rate   = 0.3

# node bias options
bias_init_mean          = 1
bias_init_stdev         = 1.0
bias_max_value          = 30.0
bias_min_value          = -30.0
bias_mutate_power       = 0.5
bias_mutate_rate        = 0.7
bias_replace_rate       = 0.05

# genome compatibility options
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.0
compatibility_weight_coefficient   = 1

# connection add/remove rates
conn_add_prob           = 0.2
conn_delete_prob        = 0.1

# connection enable options
enabled_default         = True
enabled_mutate_rate     = 0

#standard vs modulatory connection
is_mod_default          = False
is_mod_mutate_rate      = 0.1

feed_forward            = False
initial_connection      = full

# node add/remove rates
node_add_prob           = 0.2
node_delete_prob        = 0.1

# network parameters
num_hidden              = 0
num_inputs              = 4
num_outputs             = 3

# connection weight options / used as mean for normal distribution
weight_init_mean        = 0.0
weight_init_stdev       = 1.0
weight_max_value        = 30
weight_min_value        = -30
weight_mutate_power     = 0.5
weight_mutate_rate      = 0.7
weight_replace_rate     = 0.05

[DefaultSpeciesSet]
compatibility_threshold = 3.0

[DefaultStagnation]
species_fitness_func = max
max_stagnation       = 15
species_elitism      = 4

[DefaultReproduction]
elitism            = 2
survival_threshold = 0.2

