#--- parameters --#

[NEAT]
fitness_criterion     = max
fitness_threshold     = 170
pop_size              = 200
reset_on_extinction   = False

[DeapSwitchGenome]
# node activation options
activation_default      = sigmoid
activation_mutate_rate  = 0.1
activation_options      = sigmoid identity tanh

# node aggregation options
aggregation_default     = sum
aggregation_mutate_rate = 0
aggregation_options     = sum

#Switch Neuron
is_switch_default       = False
is_switch_mutate_rate   = 0.1

# node bias options
bias_init_mean          = 1
bias_init_stdev         = 1.0
bias_max_value          = 20
bias_min_value          = -20
bias_mutate_power       = 0.6
bias_mutate_rate        = 0.4
bias_replace_rate       = 0.1

# genome compatibility options
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.0
compatibility_weight_coefficient   = 0.5

# connection add/remove rates
conn_add_prob           = 0.2
conn_delete_prob        = 0.05

# connection enable options
enabled_default         = True
enabled_mutate_rate     = 0

#standard vs modulatory connection
is_mod_default          = False
is_mod_mutate_rate      = 0.1

feed_forward            = True
initial_connection      = full_nodirect

# node add/remove rates
node_add_prob           = 0.15
node_delete_prob        = 0.05

# network parameters
num_hidden              = 2
num_inputs              = 4
num_outputs             = 1

# connection weight options / used as mean for normal distribution
weight_init_mean        = 0.0
weight_init_stdev       = 1.0
weight_max_value        = 20
weight_min_value        = -20
weight_mutate_power     = 0.4
weight_mutate_rate      = 0.2
weight_replace_rate     = 0.1

[DefaultSpeciesSet]
compatibility_threshold = 3.0

[DefaultStagnation]
species_fitness_func = max
max_stagnation       = 15
species_elitism      = 5

[DefaultReproduction]
elitism            = 3
survival_threshold = 0.2

