#--- parameters --#

[NEAT]
fitness_criterion     = max
fitness_threshold     = 170
pop_size              = 100
reset_on_extinction   = False

[GuidedMapv2Genome]

# node type options
type_default            = linear
type_mutate_rate        = 0.1
type_options            = gating switch

#One-to-one vs One-to-all
one2one_default         = True
one2one_mutate_rate     = 0.1

#Extended one to one
extended_default         = False
extended_mutate_rate     = 0.1

#Uniform vs Step
uniform_default        = True
uniform_mutate_rate    = 0.1

#Isolated neuron vs map
is_isolated_default     = False
is_isolated_mutate_rate = 0.1

# node bias options
bias_init_mean          = 1
bias_init_stdev         = 3.0
bias_max_value          = 20.0
bias_min_value          = -20.0
bias_mutate_power       = 0.3
bias_mutate_rate        = 0.1
bias_replace_rate       = 0.05

# genome compatibility options
compatibility_disjoint_coefficient = 1.0
compatibility_weight_coefficient   = 0.5

# connection add/remove rates
conn_add_prob           = 0.2
conn_delete_prob        = 0.05

# connection enable options
enabled_default         = True
enabled_mutate_rate     = 0

#standard vs modulatory connection
is_mod_default          = False
is_mod_mutate_rate      = 0.1

feed_forward            = True
initial_connection      = full_nodirect

# node add/remove rates
node_add_prob           = 0.1
node_delete_prob        = 0.05

# network parameters
num_hidden              = 1
num_inputs              = 2
num_outputs             = 1

# connection weight options / used as mean for normal distribution
weight_init_mean        = 1
weight_init_stdev       = 3.0
weight_max_value        = 20
weight_min_value        = -20
weight_mutate_power     = 0.3
weight_mutate_rate      = 0.1
weight_replace_rate     = 0.05

[DefaultSpeciesSet]
compatibility_threshold = 4

[DefaultStagnation]
species_fitness_func = max
max_stagnation       = 10
species_elitism      = 0

[DefaultReproduction]
elitism            = 3
survival_threshold = 0.10

